[DOC] Add documentation of optional custom IDs for ML resources (#12929)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/agent-apis/register-agent.md

:---  | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`name`| String | Required | All | The agent name. |
`type` | String | Required | All | The agent type. Valid values are [`flow`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/flow/), [`conversational_flow`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/conversational-flow/), [`conversational`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/conversational/#the-conversational-agent-v1), [`conversational_v2`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/conversational/#the-conversational_v2-agent-with-full-multimodal-support), [`plan_execute_and_reflect`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/plan-execute-reflect/), and [`ag_ui`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/ag-ui/). For more information, see [Agents]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/). |

> `agent_id` | String | Optional | All | Unique identifier for the agent. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`agent_id` | String | Optional | All | A unique identifier for the agent. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. |
```

| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `name` | String | Required | The agent name. |
| `type` | String | Required | The agent type. Supported values: `conversational`, `conversational_v2`, `plan_execute_and_reflect`, and `AG_UI`. |

> | `agent_id` | String | Optional | Unique identifier for the agent. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `agent_id` | String | Optional | A unique identifier for the agent. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. |
```
